Backport jetpack 15.9-a.1 changes (#48698)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/packages/sync/CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [4.38.0] - 2026-05-11
### Added
- Activity Log: Add custom event support with a non-public custom post type, guarded REST route, and class API for creating entries. [#48567]
- Sync: Whitelist the jetpack_social_message_template option so it propagates to WPCOM. [#48638]

> - Sync: Whitelist the new jetpack_search_experience option so it propagates to WPcom. [#48540]

Author: ```suggestion
- Sync: Whitelist the `jetpack_social_message_template` and `jetpack_search_experience` options so they propagates to WordPress.com. [#48638] [#48540]
```
